hey guys just can't touch my hand dry
I've made a video in a week but this my
friends ipod is in dfu mode and he asked
me to fix it because he has no idea what
he's doing on the computer so see as you
see I can't turn on as this one it turns
out normally yeah there we go normal
there's winterboard I reset it coming
and I'm gonna show this to you twice
when do it my ipod and my friends ipod
alright so here we go alright so first
what you gonna do you got this isn't
this doesn't take long it takes about I
don't know three minutes I open the file
that you had open sea would jailbreak
upper trust me you're not to do this all
over again two three four five all right
step 5 put your ipod and dfu mode ready
you just gotta like hold the home in the
power button for 10 seconds or until you
hear the beeps and then you let go after
the first time you being you keep
holding on to the home button and then
you hear it again and you upload dfu
file disconnect it plug it back in the
screen is your turn white and then you
upload patch bin I ready 1 2
seven
now you upload the if you file I should
go by fast and like screen over I
turned wait I not that should just pop
up in dispute all right now there's a
button in the middle this is pressed me
you press it right click paste and it
should just go by itself oh just this is
a topic but I'm going to be making a
review on skullcandy case and headphones
next video coming up all right it
disappeared so now what we're gonna do
we're going to go to next step step 7
and you just go upload patch dfu you
type it and go forward slash exit upload
em bitch file go / exit
now just loads by itself
it's gonna take a while this part is
gonna load in like a minute all right
there we go so as it's jailbroken stuff
it's fire background life it's one of my
favorites I'm gonna do this again except
I'm not gonna talk while I'm doing it
all right all right this is the
jailbroken ipod i'm putting it down i'm
thinking my ipod arm I'm gonna shut it
off now
all right now you can see I can't turn
it on all right I'm going to do this now
let me show you how quick like you could
do it once you get used to it because I
always have to fix my friends this is
brother or it messes it up it's still
the same ipod I'm gonna put it somewhere
you can see all right don't let me see
yeah you can see that I am now I'm going
to go back to step 5
you know you once you see the Apple
somewhere you can just unplug it all
right now these are the two fixed iPods
one
two pumps can't touch my can dry and
this is my tutorial on how to get an
ipod out of DFU mode piece